
fn: Melodize - Home
ed: loginTab
edt: bc
tn: loginModal
new path!
loginTab
////
ed: loginTab
edt: bc
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
loginTab
////
ed: requesterBtn
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Request
////
ed: workerBtn
edt: b
tn: Melodize - Song List
new path!
workerBtn
////
ed: learnBtn
edt: b
tn: Melodize - About
new path!
learnBtn
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_0_0
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Gallery
new path!
team6_0_0
////
ed: team6_0_1
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
team6_0_1
////

fn: loginModal
ed: loginBtn
edt: bc
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
loginTab
loginBtn
////
ed: team6_1_0
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Sign Up
new path!
loginTab
team6_1_0
////

fn: Melodize - Sign Up
ed: loginTab
edt: b
tn: loginModal
new path!
loginTab
team6_1_0
loginTab
////
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_2_0
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Gallery
new path!
loginTab
team6_1_0
team6_2_0
////
ed: team6_2_1
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
loginTab
team6_1_0
team6_2_1
////

fn: Melodize - Home
ed: loginTab
edt: bc
tn: loginModal
new path!
loginTab
////
ed: loginTab
edt: bc
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
loginTab
////
ed: requesterBtn
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Request
////
ed: workerBtn
edt: b
tn: Melodize - Song List
new path!
workerBtn
////
ed: learnBtn
edt: b
tn: Melodize - About
new path!
learnBtn
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_3_0
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Gallery
new path!
team6_3_0
////
ed: team6_3_1
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
team6_3_1
////

fn: Melodize - Request
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: loginModal
////
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_4_0
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Gallery
////
ed: team6_4_1
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////

fn: Melodize - Profile
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: loginModal
////
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////
ed: requesterBtn
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Request
////
ed: workerBtn
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Song List
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_5_0
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Gallery
////
ed: team6_5_1
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////

fn: Melodize - Song List
ed: loginTab
edt: bc
tn: loginModal
new path!
workerBtn
loginTab
////
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////
ed: joinBtn
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Composing
////
ed: joinBtn
edt: dud
tn: passwordModal
////
ed: passwordBtn
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Composing
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_6_0
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Gallery
new path!
workerBtn
team6_6_0
////
ed: team6_6_1
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
workerBtn
team6_6_1
////

fn: Melodize - Composing
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: loginModal
////
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_7_0
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Gallery
////
ed: team6_7_1
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////

fn: Melodize - Gallery
ed: loginTab
edt: b
tn: loginModal
new path!
loginTab
team6_1_0
team6_2_0
loginTab
////
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_8_0
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Gallery
new path!
loginTab
team6_1_0
team6_2_0
team6_8_0
////
ed: team6_8_1
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
loginTab
team6_1_0
team6_2_0
team6_8_1
////

fn: passwordModal
ed: passwordBtn
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Composing
////
ed: close
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Song List
////

fn: Melodize - About
ed: loginTab
edt: b
tn: loginModal
new path!
learnBtn
loginTab
////
ed: loginTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Home
////
ed: profileTab
edt: dud
tn: Melodize - Profile
////
ed: team6_10_0
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Gallery
new path!
learnBtn
team6_10_0
////
ed: team6_10_1
edt: e
tn: Melodize - Home
new path!
learnBtn
team6_10_1
////
