
fn: Melodize - Home
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: requesterBtn
tn: Melodize - Request
ed: workerBtn
tn: Melodize - Song List
ed: learnBtn
tn: Melodize - About
ed: profileTab
tn: Melodize - Profile
ed: team6_0_0
tn: Melodize - Gallery

fn: loginModal
ed: loginBtn
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: team6_0
tn: Melodize - Sign Up

fn: Melodize - Sign Up
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: profileTab
tn: Melodize - Profile
ed: team6_2_0
tn: Melodize - Gallery
ed: team6_2_1
tn: Melodize - Home

fn: Melodize - Home
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: requesterBtn
tn: Melodize - Request
ed: workerBtn
tn: Melodize - Song List
ed: learnBtn
tn: Melodize - About
ed: profileTab
tn: Melodize - Profile
ed: team6_3_0
tn: Melodize - Gallery

fn: Melodize - Request
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: profileTab
tn: Melodize - Profile
ed: team6_4_0
tn: Melodize - Gallery
ed: team6_4_1
tn: Melodize - Home

fn: Melodize - Profile
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: requesterBtn
tn: Melodize - Request
ed: workerBtn
tn: Melodize - Song List
ed: team6_5_0
tn: Melodize - Gallery
ed: team6_5_1
tn: Melodize - Home

fn: Melodize - Song List
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: joinBtn
tn: Melodize - Composing
ed: joinBtn
tn: passwordModal
ed: passwordBtn
tn: Melodize - Composing
ed: profileTab
tn: Melodize - Profile
ed: team6_6_0
tn: Melodize - Gallery
ed: team6_6_1
tn: Melodize - Home

fn: Melodize - Composing
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: profileTab
tn: Melodize - Profile
ed: team6_7_0
tn: Melodize - Gallery
ed: team6_7_1
tn: Melodize - Home

fn: Melodize - Gallery
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: profileTab
tn: Melodize - Profile
ed: team6_8_1
tn: Melodize - Home

fn: passwordModal
ed: passwordBtn
tn: Melodize - Composing
ed: close
tn: Melodize - Song List

fn: Melodize - About
ed: loginTab
tn: loginModal
ed: loginTab
tn: Melodize - Home
ed: profileTab
tn: Melodize - Profile
ed: team6_10_0
tn: Melodize - Gallery
ed: team6_10_1
tn: Melodize - Home
